Add docs for sharding XCUITest (#2001)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/automated-testing/espresso-xcuitest/xcuitest-introduction.md

```
$ saucectl run
```

`saucectl` uploads `DemoApp.ipa` and `DemoAppUITests-Runner.ipa` to Sauce VM and executes XCUITest. You can review test results on Sauce UI.

#### Sharding XCUITest

> `saucectl` supports running tests in parallel. To tests in parallel, configure `saucectl` as follows. See [yaml configuration](./xcuitest.md#shard) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`saucectl` supports running tests in parallel. To test in parallel, configure `saucectl` as follows. See [yaml configuration](./xcuitest.md#shard) for more details.
```

```
suites:
  - name: "sharded suites"
    shard: concurrency
    testListFile: test_classes.txt
```

The `test_classes.txt` can be generated by following these steps.

1. Open the project in XCode and select test target

> 2. Click the `Build Phases`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click `Build Phases`
```

> 3. In the `Build Phases`, click the `+`-sign

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In `Build Phases`, click the `+`-sign
```

TEST_FILES=$(find "${SRCROOT}/${TARGET_NAME}" -name "*.swift" -not -name "Info.plist")

# Print the found test files
echo "Found test files:"
echo "$TEST_FILES"
echo ""

# Initialize an empty string to store class names
CLASS_NAMES=""

# Get the class names from the Swift files that contain test methods
while IFS= read -r file; do
    # Check if the file contains a test method
    if grep -q "func test[A-Za-z0-9_]*()" "$file"; then
        # Extract the class name and append it to the list
        CLASS_NAME=$(grep -Eo "class [a-zA-Z_][a-zA-Z0-9_]*:*" "$file" | awk '{gsub(":", "", $2); print $2}')
        CLASS_NAMES+="$CLASS_NAME"$'\n'
    fi
done <<< "$TEST_FILES"

# Remove duplicate class names
UNIQUE_CLASS_NAMES=$(echo "$CLASS_NAMES" | sort | uniq | grep -v '^$')

# Write the unique class names to the output file
echo "$UNIQUE_CLASS_NAMES" > "$OUTPUT_FILE"

# Print the class names and the path to the output file
echo "Test class names:"
echo "$UNIQUE_CLASS_NAMES"
echo ""
echo "Test class list has been created at: ${OUTPUT_FILE}"
```
![add-build-script.png](/img/xcuitest/add-build-script.png)

5. The script can be triggered with

>     * XCODE by:
>         * Going to `Product` > `Build For` > `Testing`
>             ![trigger-build-script.png](/img/xcuitest/trigger-build-script.png)
>         * Or triggering a Testing build by using `Command + Shift + U`
>     * Or through running this command

Reviewer: Flows better with the sentence above:

```suggestion
    * by XCODE:
        * Going to `Product` > `Build For` > `Testing`
            ![trigger-build-script.png](/img/xcuitest/trigger-build-script.png)
        * Or triggering a Testing build by using `Command + Shift + U`
    * by running this command
```

```
xcodebuild \
  CODE_SIGN_IDENTITY="" \
  CODE_SIGNING_REQUIRED=NO CODE_SIGNING_ALLOWED=NO \
  clean build-for-testing \
  -workspace "{workspaceName}.xcworkspace" \
  -scheme "{schemeName}" \
  -sdk iphoneos
```

> The generated `test_classes.txt` can be found here.

Reviewer: Colon probably better, as I assume that you are referring to the picture after this?
```suggestion
The generated `test_classes.txt` can be found here:
```

```
$ saucectl run
```

`saucectl` uploads `DemoApp.ipa` and `DemoAppUITests-Runner.ipa` to Sauce VM and executes XCUITest. You can review test results on Sauce UI.

#### Sharding XCUITest

> `saucectl` supports running tests in parallel. To tests in parallel, configure `saucectl` as follows. For more details, see [yaml configuration](./xcuitest.md#shard).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`saucectl` supports running tests in parallel. To tests in parallel, configure `saucectl` as follows. See [yaml configuration](./xcuitest.md#shard) for more details.
```

> `saucectl` supports executing tests in parallel. To achieve it, `saucectl` needs sharding settings like follows. For more details, check in [yaml configuration](./xcuitest.md#shard).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`saucectl` supports running tests in parallel. To tests in parallel, configure `saucectl` as follows. For more details, see [yaml configuration](./xcuitest.md#shard).
```

```
suites:
  - name: "sharded suites"
    shard: concurrency
    testListFile: test_classes.txt
```

> The `test_classes.txt` can be generated by following steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `test_classes.txt` can be generated by following these steps.
```

1. Open the project in XCode and select test target

> 2. Clik on the `Build Phases`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click the `Build Phases`
```

> 3. In the `Build Phases`, click on the `+`-sign

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. In the `Build Phases`, click the `+`-sign
```

OUTPUT_FILE="${SRCROOT}/test_classes.txt"

# Find all Swift files in the test target and exclude the ones you don't want
TEST_FILES=$(find "${SRCROOT}/${TARGET_NAME}" -name "*.swift" -not -name "Info.plist")

# Print the found test files
echo "Found test files:"
echo "$TEST_FILES"
echo ""

# Initialize an empty string to store class names
CLASS_NAMES=""

# Get the class names from the Swift files that contain test methods
while IFS= read -r file; do
    # Check if the file contains a test method
    if grep -q "func test[A-Za-z0-9_]*()" "$file"; then
        # Extract the class name and append it to the list
        CLASS_NAME=$(grep -Eo "class [a-zA-Z_][a-zA-Z0-9_]*:*" "$file" | awk '{gsub(":", "", $2); print $2}')
        CLASS_NAMES+="$CLASS_NAME"$'\n'
    fi
done <<< "$TEST_FILES"

# Remove duplicate class names
UNIQUE_CLASS_NAMES=$(echo "$CLASS_NAMES" | sort | uniq | grep -v '^$')

# Write the unique class names to the output file
echo "$UNIQUE_CLASS_NAMES" > "$OUTPUT_FILE"

# Print the class names and the path to the output file
echo "Test class names:"
echo "$UNIQUE_CLASS_NAMES"
echo ""
echo "Test class list has been created at: ${OUTPUT_FILE}"
```

> For the steps also see the below image

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ![add-build-script.png](/img/xcuitest/add-build-script.png)

Reviewer 2: This screenshot may be a bit hard to follow. Can you send me the image without the callouts? I think I could help with this.
```suggestion
![add-build-script.png](/img/xcuitest/add-build-script.png)
```

Author: This image is created by @wswebcreation so I don't have one without callouts. But I can help to take some screenshots from my side.

Reviewer 2: thank you!

Author: Just replaced these images. Can you help on that? Thanks!

Author: Thank you!
